hello guys i'm ross menden managing
director of bare naked foods
when i was younger i was always slightly
overweight and as a kid i was bullied as
a result
in my teenage years i suffered from body
dysmorphia
and it really got me down i did however
decide to do something about it
and i hit the gym and eventually got a
six-pack and a chest most men were
envious of
i had just started another low-carb diet
and i was thinking
really fancy pasta but i couldn't eat it
so
started researching is there an
alternative
couldn't find anything so i thought
right well i'm going to do it myself
and my company was born there are two
products we're currently selling online
our website one is bare naked noodles
one is bare naked protein noodles both
are under 30 calories
they have no fat they're gluten free
they have no nasty ingredients either
i really need a volunteer to help me for
two minutes uh just to show you how
quick and easy it is to prepare
yeah kelly thank you very much
what i'm gonna do first
is put some oil in the pan
simply open the bag
and drain the water
when you said two minutes how many
minutes do you actually mean
um i think well two minutes i usually do
this in two minutes
could you hurry up yes i think
we're pretty much there for another
minute
so i'm gonna get the plates out ready
thank you very much kelly you've been a
great help thank you
could you serve it now yes leave them
alone what's the matter with you have
some patience
a nervy pitch from ross menden from
norfolk
he wants 60 000 pounds in return for a
share of his business
having sampled ross's noodles the
dragons want to discover more about
their contents
um so i heard
a lot about what it hasn't got in it
yeah what has it got in it right it's
got oatmeal flour
konjac flour
soya bean fibre
and calcium hydroxide you say they're
gluten-free
yes um but you say they've got oatmeal
in them
is it a gluten-free oatmeal flour um
oatmeal flour has shown that it doesn't
have gluten in but sometimes mimics
gluten like symptoms i think you're
wrong because i actually have a gluten
allergy
i can't if i have normal oats my fingers
will swell up
kelly hoppen has thrown ross's initial
claims about the content of his noodles
into doubt
and deborah meadon is about to subject
the ingredients
to further scrutiny i want to see this
proof that says this is gluten-free
uh i'm going to explain that to you you
probably need to because at no point on
that piece of paper does that say this
has
is gluten-free no um
it's not because
the ingredients is corn flour and rice
flour
not oatmeal flour so it's not
gluten-free
it is gluten-free
[Music]
ross's confusion over the composition of
his noodles
has riled some of the dragons it falls
to piers linney
to defuse the situation
[Music]
ross i think everyone's gone off for the
gluten tangent here
uh i think fair place completely
understand why i should have uh fair
play to you
i can see the idea and you've got you've
got up and
you've done it okay you well i think you
knew that's your problem i think you've
maybe nearly done it
course you all right but you've got an
idea and can you get that i don't know
what's your 60 000 for warehouse
uh warehouse yeah additional stuff not
the best thing to start with
additional stock to cater for the
increase in demand
um marketing and product development
well i think it's just
product development at the top well
that's that's i've realized i've learned
today
that's going to be the most important
part of way before your warehouse
well yeah
ross is struggling to win the confidence
of the dragons
but will news of a potential
distribution deal
change the mood in the den currently we
have
interest from two national high street
retailers one with 800 stores one was
and we are very close to signing a deal
with
um with them you have agreed a price to
sell them yes
one pound 33 and it cost us to make 41p
so you make 90 approximately 90 p per
packet
yes to this company and they're gonna
take
how many from you a month
eight thousand okay and how much profit
would that make you in a month
that will make me
have to forgive me math wasn't my strong
point at school
i'm starting to realize that yeah
ross's tenuous grasp of his numbers has
frustrated his audience
and deborah meadon has heard enough ross
i've got to tell you this is a very
disappointing
presentation from you i don't think you
know enough about this product to make
the claims
that are sitting on the front of this
packaging um and you need to be very
careful about that
so i won't be investing in you and i'm
out thank you
a blow for the young entrepreneur as a
first dragon walks away from the chance
to invest
will kelly hoppen prove any more
forgiving
problem is the texture wasn't great it
really kind of disturbed me the way it
tasted
now what you said to deborah was that it
isn't oatmeal it's actually corn and
rice
which is gluten free but why have you
got oat then on the packet
you don't know your product well enough
so 300
for that reason i'm out with two dragons
now having bowed out
ross's chances of securing the healthy
60 000 pound investment he came for
are looking slim duncan
wants to find out more about the man
behind the noodle
at the moment how are you funding your
lifestyle um
i have a fantastic wife who um
sorry
this way
see i meant to rush and come back sorry
take your time
he should come back or he's going to
kick himself if he doesn't finish this
i'll come back
[Applause]
i do apologize no problem so obviously
this is something that's very emotional
for you but i want to go back to the
question about how you fund your
lifestyle and you're talking about your
wife
yeah um she supports both of us while
i'm getting the business off the ground
and she's working to do that
yes full time yes okay unfortunately
um she had a third miscarriage before
came
right sorry here that russ
you know i can only get better rush it's
not going to get better
we've just heard uh it's
as we can see emotionally heart
wrenching
and it's great that you're here but
but you're not here for sympathy no i'm
here to gain investment
yes in a business that you were supposed
to demonstrate had a future
i know what you've presented today
frankly tastes like baby food
i know i think you've got a good brand
i think barenaked foods is clever
and that's why i'm going to make you an
offer
and i'm going to offer you all the money
for half of a business that we've yet to
create
together
i think you deserve a break and i think
you're the type kind of guy
that will make it given an opportunity
so he is i can't believe this it's um
while recognizing that his business
needs plenty of work
peter jones has spotted a spark of
potential
in this young entrepreneur now
duncan banner time is ready to have his
say
i'm not going to make you an investment
offer
i'm going to make you two investment
offers
i've got a few the same as peter jones
offered you sixty thousand pound
for fifty percent of this business and
my second offer is
thirty thousand pound for twenty five
percent of the business
which means to get my second offer you'd
have to have another dragon to match my
offer
investments like this are investing in
people
i'll make you an offer as well
[Music]
someone offered the same as duncan said
to be
30 000 for 25 of the company
[Music]
i'll give me another offer the full 60
for 50 of the company
so just to complicate it further
i'd happen to work with peter on that as
well if he was willing to split
but that's up to peter to decide on that
here's linny has made a bid to align
himself with peter jones
but will he agree to share the deal
[Music]
it's normal that you would ask the
dragon you know what they're going to
bring to the party but i wouldn't mind
asking piers what
he's going to bring youth
let me ask you a question seriously so
i'm
i'm on a trajectory slightly different
place maybe in my
career in the development of my business
and so i can probably
understand where you are a bit more
you'll find out very quickly
that um you know i will help you
get to where you deserve to be
would you uh would you go into business
with uh peers
the offer is for sixty thousand i'm not
willing to share it with another dragon
that's fine
i'd like to accept your offer peter
for 60 000 pounds in return for
half of my company well done
well done thank you
thank you very much
[Music]
ross has done it given his shaky start
it's been a truly remarkable turnaround